Added tutorials in Harmonic (#372)
gazebosim/docs: harmonic/install_osx.md

# Binary Installation on MacOS

> All the Harmonic binaries are available in Catalina and BigSur using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the Harmonic binaries are available in Big Sur and Monterey using the
```
